# Capstone-II

**Week 21st-18th January**
This week, I developed a machine learning model retrieving the data from a MATLAB data structure. This allowed me to access data from multiple subjects instead of a single dataset. I specifically focused on the forefoot_norm, midfoot_norm, and heel_norm for every speed and incline for every subject (these are the features for the model). Regarding the labels, this model had two: incline and speed. The incline is obtained by creating a new dictionary called "extracted_inclines" to store incline values extracted from the original dictionary "sub_inclines." It then loops through the subjects in "sub_inclines". For each subject, it creates a new glossary in "extracted_inclines" to store the extracted incline values. On the other hand, speed is obtained by checking the key of a dictionary (step_key) and determining the speed based on whether it contains the strings "Slow," "Medium," or "Fast." Then the three features and speed are added to a dictionary and then converted into a data frame (incline was originally in a different data frame, but then 'incline_val' gets added to df2 containing 'time,' 'heel,' 'midfoot,' 'forefoot,' and 'speed'). This resulting data frame was then preprocessed, dropping all NAs, and taking the average of the list of lists of GRFs for every incline and speed combination for every subject. Finally, the Multioutput Random Forest Regressor model was trained and evaluated, giving a mean squared error of 35.90814666399467 and an R2 score of -0.42560453628645456. The model was then saved, loaded, and tested with new input. 
**Note 1: (THE CODE IS IN THE CODE COMMIT) **
**Note 2: I have already talked to Dr. Bandara about possible modifications to this code **
